Define and activate release v12.1.0 for AWS (#387)
giantswarm/releases: aws/v12.1.0/announcement.md

> # :zap: Giant Swarm Release 12.1.0 for AWS :zap:

Reviewer: @glitchcrab pls give feedback for slack announcement. Usually, it's first 2-3 paragraphs of full release notes, then links to full release notes.

This release upgrades Cert Manager from upstream v0.9.0 to v0.15.2.

It is part of a larger effort to maximize reliability of upgrades, by keeping 3rd party components within 30 days of upstream releases. 

> **This change breaks Cert Manager** due to changes in its API. While the **negative impact to your workloads is low-to-none**, to minimize disruption, **we recommend getting your SE's assistance for this upgrade**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This change breaks Cert Manager** due to changes in its API. While the **negative impact to your workloads is low-to-none**, to minimize disruption, **we recommend discussing this upgrade with our Solution Engineer first**.
```

> **This change breaks Cert Manager** due to changes in its API. While the **negative impact to your workloads is low-to-none**, to minimize disruption, **we recommend discussing this upgrade with our Solution Engineer first**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This change breaks Cert Manager** due to changes in its API. While the **negative impact to your workloads is low-to-none**, to minimize disruption, **we recommend discussing this upgrade with your Solution Engineer first**.
```
